README.md, before:

# Triggertrap Read Me & Licence

Triggertrap is an app that makes it easy for photographers to use their phone as a wired remote control. 

The Triggertrap system consists of 3 parts: 

- An app for iOS or Android
- A Mobile Dongle that turns an audio signal into a switch
- A Camera Connection Cable for a specific camera. 

Triggertrap is a commercial project that was conceived in 2010, launched in 2011, and ultimately went out of business in 2017. 

# Credits

The original software for iOS was built by Matt Kane, and it was further developed by Ross Gibson and Valentin Kalchev.

# Licence - Open source under the MIT licence. 

Copyright 2017 Haje Jan Kamps (http://haje.me / @Haje)

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

- This software may not be distributed under the "Triggertrap" trademark. 

- This software must not be distributed in a way that makes it appear as if the software is licenced or endorsed by "Triggertrap". 

- Any references to "Triggertrap" or the Triggertrap logo must be removed from the software 

- It may be marketed as "Compatible with Triggertrap" or "Based on Triggertrap". 

- The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.

Commit message:

Build with current android studio (01/2023). sdk version 33 target, 16 min. gradle 7.6.

README.md, after:

# Triggertrap Read Me & Licence

Triggertrap is an app that makes it easy for photographers to use their phone as a wired remote control. 

The Triggertrap system consists of 3 parts: 

- An app for iOS or Android
- A Mobile Dongle that turns an audio signal into a switch
- A Camera Connection Cable for a specific camera. 

Triggertrap is a commercial project that was conceived in 2010, launched in 2011, and ultimately went out of business in 2017. 

# Build

This version was built with target SDK 33 (Android 13 Tiramisu), but supports
a minumum of SDK 16 (4.1 Jelly Bean), using current Android Studio and Gradle version
7.6.

# Credits

The original software for iOS was built by Matt Kane, and it was further developed by Ross Gibson and Valentin Kalchev.

# Licence - Open source under the MIT licence. 

Copyright 2017 Haje Jan Kamps (http://haje.me / @Haje)

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

- This software may not be distributed under the "Triggertrap" trademark. 

- This software must not be distributed in a way that makes it appear as if the software is licenced or endorsed by "Triggertrap". 

- Any references to "Triggertrap" or the Triggertrap logo must be removed from the software 

- It may be marketed as "Compatible with Triggertrap" or "Based on Triggertrap". 

- The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.
